Where's my money?
How did it become a blank slate?
The money is gone, I don't know.
What the hell is going on?
Boss Zhang, are you kidding me?
I pulled this product for you well.
You don't want to give money, do you?
I didn't I just had someone move the box
Could it be that
It's a member pulling the goods, do you still want it?
No, but there are still many people waiting
I we want
Li Li for your new product launch
You've been up several nights.
Do your plan
Without these fabrics
Your efforts are in vain
But we've run out of money.
Money, I'll find a way
But I have to go to the provincial capital first.
It will take at least two days.
I don't have time to wait for you to play with me for two days
Hey
Eli
I'm leaving now.
Come back as fast as you can
If it really doesn't work
We can go to another factory to buy raw materials.
It's useless. Our batch of materials is imported from abroad.
Customs will only release it every half month.
Even if you get your money back
That batch of materials will not flow in until half a month later
But our new product launch
Just 3 days later
Can't catch him up
How about delaying the release of the new product?
That won't work either.
We are originally a small shop with a name of gold bricks.
After so much effort
Just for the new product launch in 3 days.
If this cuts off all the guests again
To rebuild trust
It gets harder.
What to do then?
Wealth payments and equipment are already in place
Isn't this lost?
Abang Bao Public Security
I numbered all those bills
Make sure to find out who moved what you're worried about